azurerm_bot_channel_directline: export extension_key_1 and extension_key_2 (#30242)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/bot_channel_directline.html.markdown

* `id` - The Bot Channel ID.

> * `extension_key1` - (Optional) The first key for Directline App Service Extension.
> 
> * `extension_key2` - (Optional) The second key for Directline App Service Extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `extension_key_1` - (Optional) The first key for Directline App Service Extension.

* `extension_key_2` - (Optional) The second key for Directline App Service Extension.
```

> * `extension_key_2` - (Optional) The second key for Directline App Service Extension.

Reviewer 2: Since these are computed values, `(Optional)` should be omitted

```suggestion
* `extension_key_1` - The first key for Directline App Service Extension.

* `extension_key_2` - The second key for Directline App Service Extension.
```

Author: Done
